Zest Pro License
================


## Definitions

The term “licensee” in this document refers to the person or organization who
purchased Zest Pro, or, in the case of Open Source, the person or organization
that registered for Zest Pro through the Zest website
(http://zesticons.com/open-source/).


## Grant of License

This license grants the licensee the right to use the Zest Pro icons for
commercial and non-commercial purposes. You (the the licensee) are free to use
the Zest Pro icons in as many projects as you want, as long as you are the
owner of the projects.

Each company or individual that uses Zest Pro in a non-open source project is
required to purchase (or in the case of open source, register for) a separate
license.


## User Generated Content & Redistribution

You (the licensee) are free to edit, remix, and use the icons without
attribution, but not to sell or redistribute the icons as your own work. You
are not allowed to use the icons in a way that allows downstream redistribution
(for example in templates, theme kits, or your own icon sets). If your
application or project allows users to create content (such as web pages, blog
posts, presentations, or PDFs) you may not allow the icons to be used in the
user generated content.

If you have registered for an open source license, you may only use Zest in an
open source application. Use of Zest in an open source library is not allowed
as this is a form of redistribution.


## Intellectual Property

By using these icons you acknowledge that 32pixels, LLC is the exclusive
copyright holder of all the icons in the Zest Pro icon set and that they are
32pixels, LLC’s intellectual property. This includes the source code and the
design of all icons. This also includes any source documents such as Figma
documents or Sketch files.

If you would like to use these icons in a way not consistent with the terms of
this license agreement, you must obtain written permission from 32pixels, LLC.


---

Copyright © 2019-2020 32pixels, LLC
